the Federal Reserve the head of the
globalist snake increased interest rates
as most analysts expected sending the US
dollar higher against its counterparts
the FED has been barking for one year
now making a lot of noise and taking no
action after a long delay and no grounds
to make any change the FED decided to
increase rates at the last possible
moment of
2016 you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you let's talk about
the Federal Reserves increase today
keeping that as our main focus beginning
with this article out of
CNBC a few points that I want to make
here Federal Reserve officials amid
signs that the US economy soon not now
not yet could shed its long period of
stagnation approved the first interest
rate hike in a
year and it said that if foresees check
this out three more increases next
year keep that in mind hold that thought
for a moment the stock market reacted
calmly while bond yields in the dollar
Rose okay why did the Market react
calmly it is in fact with any not just
Federal Reserve
decisions it happens with anything look
at the stocks
automatically pricing
in what will happen into the future if
they think apple is going to sell a
billion
iPhones upon its next
release the market already prices that
stock based on those
estimations so you don't have these real
Jagged episodes other than the flash
crashes because the market prices it in
so understand that that's already being
done if you look at that Apple stock
just as an example in the days prior to
that release of the iPhone you will see
it already increases or decreases
depending on the
expectations if they believe they're
going to have a profit report showing
you know bad revenues and all this
you'll see the market
automatically pricing that in so
understand that and the Dollar Rising is
also one very important thing people
have been chasing this uh data so keep
an eye on that as well to see where it
goes the yield on a 2-year treasury hit
the highest level since August 2009
we're heading back again to financial
crisis levels for all different types of
assets and uh different uh indicators
the fomc raised its target range from
0.25
to.5 and now it's going to be at 0.5 to.
75 this is something that I've talked
about before this range that they have
let's say they were on the upper end of
the
range last week this week they can be at
the lower end of the range effectively
putting them at the exact same point
they could be at 0 five last week and
this week even though they technically
increased interest rates they're
actually in within this range I would
also like
to point out the fact that point five as
an example is what most of the central
banks around the world are at that this
time so it's not as if it's a strong
economy and everything's doing well this
was specifically to save face what did
they do last year they said that they
would increase rates they waited and
they waited and they waited and they
waited until the end of the year they
had the save face they increased at the
absolute minimum
0.25 and here we are 2016 the same thing
happened again I'll get into that more
in a moment the committee also approved
a quartero increase in the discount or
primary credit rate from 1% to
1.25 big
deal all right the US dollar hit its
highest level against a basket of major
Curren uh currencies in nearly 14 years
after the Federal Reserve increase rates
for the first time this year signaling a
faster pace of increases in 2017 not
going to happen the dollar Index hit 102
that's highest level since early January
2003 after the US Central Bank raised
its Target federal funds rate by 25
basis
points and projected three rake Heights
next year
from two as of September we'll see if
this happens I mean it certainly could
however we have major issues that could
occur the national
debt think about this for a second as
they increase interest rates the
national
debt is becoming more and more
unpayable as a result they're already
too far in debt they can't get out of it
but here they
are the fed's last rate hike was a year
ago when it increased rates from the
zero lower bound reaching uh reached
during the 2007 2009 financial crisis
all right now moving on here the fomc
cited realized and expected labor market
conditions and inflation in increasing
its Benchmark rate Accord percentage
Point according to the statement
projections show the central Bankers
expect three quarter point rate
increases in
2017 all right three4 Point increases in
2017 putting them significantly higher
from where they were back at the end of
2015 will they go there we'll have to
see that for ourselves but let's take a
trip back into Memory Lane fed ends zero
rate era signals for quarter point
increases in 2016 this is dated December
16th 2015 so last year the increased
rates and said look we're going to
increase rates four times in 2016 and
every single meeting of the FED they
said don't worry next time we'll
increase rates don't worry next time
we'll will increase rates and here they
are at the very last meeting in December
fine okay we'll increase rates and they
did so at the absolute
minimum how many times do we have to
listen to this they drag it on and on
and on and the truth is that the
economic indicators for them to increase
rates weren't there but they did so as I
said to save face all right let's look
at this
moving on Switching gears Venezuelans
are rushing to the banks this week in a
desperate attempt to protect their
savings from the government's latest
spasm of Reckless Financial policymaking
on Tuesday thousands of people across
Venezuela played hookie from work if
their work was actually open to line up
outside the banks and deposit bundles of
cash into their savings accounts after
the government gave everyone a
72-hour countdown to turn in all of
their 100 Boulevard notes before they're
removed from circulation think about
this it's very similar to what we saw
with
India and I just showed you the chaos
going on there and no different than
what's happening in Venezuela I've been
this at the bottom paragraph here I've
been saving for so long withdrawing
money every week and for what nothing
this individual was holding a backpack
full of money as he stood in line this
country is destroyed karacas as a city
is destroyed and this is the future this
is the crystal ball for most countries
around the world complete economic
destruction if you don't think it could
happen where you live you should have
asked the Venezuelan that exact thing a
few years ago this right here is just
basically talking about the Yahoo data
breach 1
billion 1
billion user accounts affected huge and
the only reason I'm mentioning this is
to show you that our data is not safe
when the government takes all of our
data the
NSA and they database everything our
license plates facial recognition
everywhere they got fingerprints they
have our phone calls they have our
emails they have our text messages they
have our IMS they have everything we're
doing and they put it all in a database
and you might think look they need to do
so for this or that okay there's let's
just pretend that there's some
legitimate use for this what if a hacker
got in and took that
information all right it's too unsafe
and that's why you can't create all of
these databases of every little piece of
information it is too Reckless it is too
dangerous and here is one very good
example of
that if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs
up if you hate David Rockefeller give me
a thumbs up hey if you like David
Rockefeller then give me a thumbs
down if you found the video informative
I know you'll find my book The Money GPS
even more informative
if you want to look through the book
just go over to Amazon where they have a
look inside feature that will allow you
to flip through the pages of the book
and see if you'd like it take care